four ounces of butter 3 ounces of
Demerara sugar and a dessert spoon of
gold and syrup now I've got the heat
very low there and what I'm going to do
is just let that very very gently melt
what needs to happen here is the butter
is going to melt and the sugar crystals
the Demerara sugar crystals should sort
of begin to melt into it as well so
we'll leave that on the gentle heat and
then I'll show you the rest of the
ingredients in my bowl here I've got
four ounces of self-raising flour and a
pinch of salt and of course it's been
sifted that's what we've been doing all
through the program sifted flour over
here I've got four ounces of porridge
oats and they're just going to go in
with the flour and here I've got one and
a half ounces of chopped almonds and I
haven't blanched the almonds I've left
the skin on because I think you get a
better flavour with a bit of skin and
I'm going to put half of the almonds you
don't have to be precise in with the
mixture and here I've got chocolate now
this is very special chocolate this is a
dark continental chocolate that has 75
percent cocoa solids so it's got that
really strong chocolate flavor you can
use different chocolates if you like you
can even use chocolate chips if you want
to make these with children and you
don't want it to be too expensive but
you want the real chocolatey flavor this
is the one and what's going to happen
now is half of that is going to go in as
well and all I did with the chocolate
and with the nuts is just chop them with
a sharp knife so that's the mixture
ready all it needs now is the the butter
mixture so we'll just go over and see if
that's ready and here we are
and the heat out and now just mix that
all together until you have quite a
stiff dough now if the dough gets a
little bit too stiff you find it's a
little bit too stiff you can add a few
drops of water to make it more pliable
what we need to do now is as soon as
this is mixed is to divide it into
portions and I'm going to do that with
my hands we want to make 18 biscuits
altogether so what I'm going to do now
is just clean the bit that's clinging
onto the wooden spoon and then you just
take lumps of mixture I would say like a
large walnut a very large walnut which
is like this then you just roll it in
your hand until you find it looks like
this then you put it onto a work surface
and then just press it with your hands
press it out it might get a little bit
raggedy let the edges that doesn't
matter keep going until you have a
biscuit that's about two and a quarter
inches in diameter like that
then the rest of the chocolate and the
nuts is going to be sprinkled on the top
and that'll go the nuts particularly
will go nice and toasted and crunchy and
of course you can use different nuts you
don't have to use almonds pecans nuts
are very good and so are peanuts then
you just take a palette knife and slide
the biscuit with the palette knife over
to a greased baking sheet
you